__M.Sc. in Advanced Computer Science__   
__Advanced Algorithms and Data Structures Module__
__GROUP PROJECT DESCRIPTION__  In SIGMOD 2013 Conference a programming contest took place a few months before the venue. In this contest, universities compete in the implementation of a streaming document filtering system. The general idea was to filter a stream of documents using a dynamic set of exact and approximate continuous keyword match.  As a group you should do the following:  - Go to [the website](http://sigmod.kaust.edu.sa/index.html)  - Read the Task Overview and Task Details sections.  - Download the necessary test files in a home directory and build yourenvironment based on the instructions found in the website.  - Build or use an existing shortest path-searching algorithm to filter documents using AVL, Red-Black Trees, or Fibonacci Heaps. Choose your searching algorithm and implementation method based on the current contest problem (you might need to compare two implementations ofshortest path searching algorithms).  - Compare the asymptotic behavior of your program with the first fivewining implementations (source files are included in the website).  - Split your work efficiently. 
__GROUP PROJECT PLANNING / OUTCOME__  - Record the individual tasks you need to carry out using Gantt chart. You can use the following web site that [explains how to build a Gantt chart in excel](http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/excel-help/create-a-gantt-chart-in-excel- HA001034605.aspx) .  - The end result should be a roughly 10-page two-column paper describing the results.   Presentation quality will be a factor in your grade.